---
title: Hello
date: 2026-07-14 12:00:00 +0700
categories: [CP, web]
tags: [jekyll, github, chiase]     # Lưu ý: viết chữ thường không dấu, phân cách bằng dấu phẩy
---

# Welcome

## About me:
- Ayo wassup, I am Tien Hung. Currently writing, I am a sophomore at **VNUDN - University of Science and Technology** who love exploring our world, being a better version of myself and running for yahh.
- Welcome to my blog and I will share you guys all knowledge I know to fulfill our life. This is where my journey starting.

## Little things about me:
- I am a curious, ambitious and self-reflective boy.
- I love writing, especially in human development, psychology and all things that I know.
- I have the mindset of a scientist, or maybe a boy, I am not sure about that.
- I am following **Minimalism Lifestyle** and having passion on tech.
- I can sing quite well, but rap is a little bit.
- I want to travel to all 34 provinces and cities all over Viet Nam, though I haven't traveled a lot yet ( a bucket list of my youth).
- I have to say that I like many things, and I have knowledge in many fields; that is why I was chosen for **the Official Olympia Team 2023** in my High School. But then again, my knowledge in these fields is wide but not deep enough.
- My favorite school-themed series is **Lighter and Princess**. It tells the story of the unwavering love between Li Xun and Zhu Yun, which remains unchanged through all the highs and lows of life.
- I am not a sporty guy, I just do gym at home and go for runs, but I always want to try climbing, running a marathon or skydiving; cuz its make me feel free man.
- I love teaching and helping others (this brings me so much joy). If I had more time, I will teach more of what I know or do some charity works.

- **Languages**: Vietnamese, English, China and French (Basic).

- **Bonus time**:
  + I gonna bag a ***Nobel Prize in Physics*** one day ( a dream of me when I was in grade 6 - Never forget E = mc2).
  + I am still single 🥲

> **Last but not least, I wish health and happiness to everyone for yahhh.**
